[Elixir] New Concept Exercise: lists (#1203)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/lists/.docs/instructions.md

> In this exercise you need to implement some functions to manipulate a list of programming languages.

Reviewer: The tasks in this file are missing examples of the function calls. See [the booleans exercise](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/languages/elixir/exercises/concept/booleans/.docs/instructions.md#1-define-if-pac-man-eats-a-ghost) for an example.

### 1. Define a function to return an empty language list

Define the `new/1` function that takes no parameters and returns an empty list.

### 2. Define a function to add a language to the list

> Define the `add/2` function that takes 2 parameters (a _language list_ and a string literal of a _language_). It should return the resulting list with the new language prepended to the list passed in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define the `add/2` function that takes 2 parameters (a _language list_ and a string literal of a _language_). It should return the resulting list with the new language prepended to the given list.
```

### 3. Define a function to remove a language from the list

Define the `remove/2` function that takes 1 parameter1 (a _language list_). It should return the list minus the first item.

### 4. Define a function to return the first item in the list

Define the `first/1` function that takes 1 parameter (a _language list_). It should return the string literal of the language that occurs first in the list.

### 5. Define a function to return how many languages are in the list

> Define the `count/1` function that takes 1 parameter (a _language list_). It should return the number of languages in the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Define the `count/1` function that takes 1 parameter (a _language list_). It should return the number of elements in the list.
```
